add docs about required system dependencies (#2490)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/get-started/installation.md

</Tabs>

> Additionally it requires a few more dependencies to compile it. These dependencies are not required on production system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it requires a few more dependencies to compile it. These dependencies are not required on production systems running the produced binary:
```
